Hong Kong elementary students had to
solve this problem on a mathematics exam
what is the cars parking spot number
think quickly because they had to solve
this problem in 20 seconds it caused all
sorts of adults to scratch their heads
but many kids found it easy can you
figure out the answer here's a problem
that I came up with look at the diagram
now what is the cars parking spot number
if you could figure out the first two
problems this last problem would be a
cinch now there are three cars that are
parked what are all three parking spot
numbers for the three cars give these
puzzles a try and when you're ready
click through to watch the solution
thanks for watching this video if you
like videos about math and game theory
please subscribe to my channel you can
catch me on my blog mind your decisions
which you can also follow on Facebook
Google+ and patreon you can also catch
me on social media at pressure Locker
and please check out my books there's a
link in the video description thanks for
watching